README.md, before:

# Atos IoT Water Management Project
Software Engineering Group Project (G52GRP) at the University of Nottingham.

## Team Members
- Alexandros Araouzos psyaa12@nottingham.ac.uk
- Tiarnan Giles psytg1@nottingham.ac.uk
- Hugo Le Gurun psyhgl@nottingham.ac.uk
- David Mares psydm6@nottingham.ac.uk
- Feras Shamashan ezyfs1@nottingham.ac.uk
- Toby Sheldon psytjsh@nottingham.ac.uk

## Links
- [Trello](https://trello.com/atosproject)
- [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JSKF_r83GmpzqIC-DtAelJyRJ_dA3OGq?usp=sharing)

## Requirements
### Java Desktop Application
- We are using the [Java SE Development Kit 8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) to develop the Desktop Application
  - it includes the JavaFX library by default, which we use to create the GUI
### Android App
- Android Studio 3.3.1
  - newer versions should be supported as well
- Android SDK
  - compileSdkVersion 28
  - minSdkVersion 15
  - targetSdkVersion 28

## Changelog
- First commit on 30th of October 2018

Commit message:

Default data set to "N\A", minimum SDK set to 23
Default string changed from an empty string to "N\A". Minimum SDK set to 25 as our test devices are running Android 6 (API level 23). Also set timer on the client socket to 1000ms.

README.md, after:

# Atos IoT Water Management Project
Software Engineering Group Project (G52GRP) at the University of Nottingham.

## Team Members
- Alexandros Araouzos psyaa12@nottingham.ac.uk
- Tiarnan Giles psytg1@nottingham.ac.uk
- Hugo Le Gurun psyhgl@nottingham.ac.uk
- David Mares psydm6@nottingham.ac.uk
- Feras Shamashan ezyfs1@nottingham.ac.uk
- Toby Sheldon psytjsh@nottingham.ac.uk

## Links
- [Trello](https://trello.com/atosproject)
- [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JSKF_r83GmpzqIC-DtAelJyRJ_dA3OGq?usp=sharing)

## Requirements
### Java Desktop Application
- We are using the [Java SE Development Kit 8](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) to develop the Desktop Application
  - it includes the JavaFX library by default, which we use to create the GUI
### Android App
- Android Studio 3.3.1
  - newer versions should be supported as well
- Android SDK
  - compileSdkVersion 28
  - minSdkVersion 15 - changed to 23 (version of Android on our test devices)
  - targetSdkVersion 28

## Changelog
- First commit on 30th of October 2018
